Hello, everyone!
The youngest member of LOOΠΔ!
Don't tell me that I'm the youngest member 'so far'!
I'm gonna be the youngest one of LOOΠΔ forever and ever!
Yeah, that' me. I'm YeoJin!
Ha.. did you know that?
Actally I'm that slash of LOOΠΔ 1/3.
When I heard it first, I was really surprised too like you did!
(She looks so surprised...)
Anyway, I've come here to celebrate LOOΠΔ TV's 200th episode today!
But... you saying you didn't miss me?
You really missed and wanted to see all of the members, but not me?
Ok... I'm gonna quit this.
I'm leaving! Bye!!
What I prepared for this special episode is...
The best episode picked by members of LOOΠΔ!
(Hosting herself, reacting herself
I called it 'BEST LOOΠΔ TV EPISODE PICKED BY LOOΠΔ'
BEST LOOΠΔ TV EPISODE PICKED BY LOOΠΔ
First, I'm gonna tell you about the best episode selected by Choerry,  one of the youngest member of LOOΠΔ!
It was released recently!
This is...
This is the 188th episode!
Kim Lip: I've never ridden these kind of things before!
Choerry: I've ridden it before, though it's scary!
JinSoul: I've never ridden even a pirate ship before.
Because it's so scary!
(But you all have to try it this time!)
Choerry: Unbelievable!
Kim Lip: No! It doesn't make any sense!
Choerry: No way!
Kim Lip: So scary!
(They get scared.)
(But the youngest member looks so happy...)
JInSoul: We're in LA but...
JinSoul: We've just got this letter~
Kim Lip: We've got this letter~
(The fan letter was given to them who were on the way back!)
Thank you!
The reason she chose it her favorite is...
It was first time to go abroad and Santa Monica beach was amazing. I had a lot of fun with members, especially I could go on the amusement park ride that I really like!
And the camera captured the moment when I was really happy. So I think it's good episode.
She said like this.
That is the members' true side. I guarantee it.
Look at that facial expressions. That's the real one.
Hey, believe me! Believe in YeoJin Lim, everyone!
TRUST ME!
Now I'm gonna introduce other member's favorite episode.
The member feels like my mom or like my real sister!
Yes, right. It's HaSeul's best LOOΠΔ TV episode!
HaSeul : Finally, our LOOΠΔ TV has reached 100th episode!
HeeJin : I’m so happy about...
HeeJin : that I’ve made a lot of good memories with members and fans together
HeeJin : while filming LOOΠΔ TV
HyunJin : I can’t believe LOOΠΔ TV has reached 100 episodes…
HyunJin : Also, I'm curious how many more episodes of LOOΠΔ TV will be produced!
HyunJin : I'm looking forward to it, too!
YeoJin : We have to do it until #1,000, #10,000~
HaSeul : (Tackle!) Really?
YeoJin : Yes!! Sure!!!
I remember this.
How time flies...
The reason she chose it her favorite is...
It was first time to see all 5 released members in LOOΠΔ TV and it was really meaningful that LOOΠΔ TV has reached 100th episode!
She said like this!
She selected it like the leader, the oldest member!
I'm already missing you, HaSeul!
Would you hang out with me today?
I'm gonna stick to you like a glue until you hanging out with me!
And!
There is the other member who chose her favorite episode like HaSeul did!
Aren't you curious who she is?
JINSOUL~!
Ah~ I think both 97 liners are thinking the same thing!
♬Happy birthday dear JinSoul. Happy birthday to you♬
HaSeul: (Her wish) Um... shall we do that? 'This has been LOOΠΔ?'
(The 7 released members of LOOΠΔ finally gathered together in front of the camera!)
This has been LOOΠΔ!
Here comes JinSoul's comment!
It was first time to see all 7 released members in LOOΠΔ TV so it was really meaningful.
And I think you can imagine the whole LOOΠΔ through this scene because more than half members were appeared.
She said like this!
Yeah, they're really different from me! So reliable!
So we, the members are gonna believe and follow unnies! Please lead us!
FOLLOW UNNIES!
It's time to see the choice of HeeJin, the very first member of LOOΠΔ!
Check it out now!
(And LOOΠΔ members practicing along)
(Especially HeeJin is dancing passionately…)
(HeeJin acting as the extra instructor)
(LOOΠΔ’s power dancer is here!)
HeeJin: Do you want to try that concept?
HaSeul: I can do sexy too~
(Should probably stick to the youthful concept…)
I think I understand why she chose it her favorite episode...
HeeJin is so pretty, right?
Her beauty is glowing.
And she is really pretty in person.
So gorgeous!
But I think she's looking better in episode 138.
Ok. I agree!
I know you're pretty. I'm envious of you, HeeJin!
But there is another pretty girl in ODD EYE CIRCLE, the second unit of LOOΠΔ!
She is Kim Lip!
As you know, NASA inicluded her track in their Eclipse playlist. Now, let's check what is her best episode!
Kim Lip: It's so good
Kim Lip: I really love here~!
(You have to take a proof shot when you visit the famous place!)
JinSoul: The sea~
JInSoul: Now I'm starting to feel like I'm abroad~
Choerry: (Hurry up!) Let's finish quick!
JinSoul: As quick as possible!
(They've finished shooting! Let's go to the beach! Go Go!)
Kim Lip: I really love it!
I'm gonna read you Lip's comment!
It was first time to trip abroad and I was really happy to film in Santa Monica.
Santa Monica became ODD EYE CIRCLE's favorite shooting place. I made a lot of good memories in abroad. This episode remind me of our LA days.
Choerry and Kim Lip both like Santa Monica!
But Choerry especially likes the last half and Kim Lip likes the first half of Santa Monica episodes!
But... you know?
Oh my...
I really want to go Santa Monica as well!!!!
Send YeoJin to Santa Monica now!!
I can do better than now, sir!
Hold on a sec!
I'll be back after commercials!
No commercials?
Really?
Oh, I'm sorry~
Now it's time to watch ViVi's favorite episode!
ViVi : If you don't play the rock-paper-scissors game,
HaSeul : Yes, I will eat alone
ViVi : If you win the game, everyone can eat a pizza
ViVi : But if you lose, you even can't eat too!
(ViVi understands the rule perfectly)
HyunJin : Rock-paper-scissors!
(The first game ended in a tie!)
(Second round!)
'Rock-paper-scissors!'
(The second game ended in a tie, again!)
(The pizza game is getting more interesting!)
(The winner is LOOΠΔ 1/3!!)
(It's the most moving moment to LOOΠΔ 1/3)
HaSeul : Come on, LOOΠΔ!!
ViVi said she likes it
Because it's the episode to check LOOΠΔ 1/3's team work and chemistry!
They're so adorable, right?
But it looks little sad because it was last filming overseas for LOOΠΔ 1/3...!!
And next is HyunJin's best LOOΠΔ TV episode!
Let's check it out!
(Last costume is the black dress!)
(The photoshoot in Prague is over!)
ViVi : The photoshoot is over, today!
HaSeul : We're done!
HaSeul : Yes~ well..!!
HaSeul : But LOOΠΔ 1/3 is not over yet!
HyunJin : The whole schedule for the photoshoot is over!
LOOΠΔ : Good job! Thank you!
HyunJin picked LOOΠΔ 1/3's almost last episode in Prague.
It's little touching to see that episode again because...
I realized time has passed so fast after LOOΠΔ 1/3's era ended.
I think we shared a lot of good meories with you through this LOOΠΔ TV.
Am I right?
Right??
Yeah, we know you're sending lots of love and support for LOOΠΔ and LOOΠΔ TV
So we're always doing our best to film LOOΠΔ TV!!
We hope you keep watch and enjoy it!
We promise you that we'll give you more fun and interesting episodes!
One and only English subtitled contents in K-POP!
LOOΠΔ TV!
(YeoJin... It's not sure....)
Oh... it's not sure...?
(She apologizes again!)
Oh... I'm sorry...
Finally, it's time to see the best episode of me, MC YeoJin!
YeoJin : I think you have a great fashion sense.
HaSeul : Of course
HaSeul : This is REAL FASHION!
HaSeul : What's your the key point of your fashion today?
YeoJin : The mask
HaSeul : YeoJin, turn around now!
(HaSeul and YeoJin cannot be still even for a moment...)
YeoJin : You're watching
YeoJin : Haseul is hitting me with the belt!!
HyunJin : Yo, I'm going to show you my rap
(It's street dance skill that HeeJin has been hiding!)
HaSeul : The girl is a rare beauty!
I think the episode would be nothing if I didn't wear that mask.
It is the most interesting episode for me!
Because you can see the rap battle between HyunJin and HaSeul
And also you can see that HaSeul hits me with her belt!
I think those scenes are perfectly, gracefully, and magically well mixed into this episode like...Olivia Hussey(?)
Well.. this has been the 200th episode with the special host, YeoJin MC!
How was it?
Was it fun?
(Hypnotizing you) Yes. I'm sure It was fun to you.
Because it was fun to me.
I hope you enjoyed it!
(YeoJin's hidden talent: Hosting the show)
And all blurred girls in LOOΠΔ TV Preauel will be revealed in the near future~
I'd like to film LOOΠΔ TV with all of them! I can't wait for the day to come!
And.. how do you think I did on the show today?
Was it good?
Of course I know that my hosting is not good enough yet.
Hope you kindly understand!
Me, YeoJin MC, will keep breaking into LOOΠΔ TV and show you lots of fun things!
So please look forward to it!
Until now, that slash of LOOΠΔ 1/3!!!
Jin slash!
The real youngest member of LOOΠΔ so far!
This was MC YeoJin!
See you~!